ASB-30568: Adding read_product Function to load files from s3 to memory (#3561)
astropy/astroquery: CHANGES.rst

- The cloud dataset in ``Observations`` is now enabled by default if the ``boto3`` and ``botocore`` packages are installed. This
  default can be overridden by setting the ``enable_cloud_dataset`` configuration option to False. [#3534]

> - Adding in ability to read FITS and ASDF dataproducts to memory from s3:// using ``Observations.read_product()`` function. [#3561]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adding in ability to read FITS and ASDF data products to memory from STScI's S3 open data bucket using ``Observations.read_product()`` function. [#3561]
```
